Implement `black-jack` concept exercise (#2592)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/black-jack/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

In this exercise you are going to implement some rules of [Blackjack][blackjack],
such as the way the game is played and scored.

**Note** : In this exercise, _A_ means ace, _J_ means jack, _Q_ means queen, and _K_ means king cards.

## 1. Calculate the value of a card

In Blackjack, it is up to each individual player if an ace is worth 1 or 11 points.

> Face cards are worth 10 points and any other card is worth its pip value.

Reviewer: I am fine with the language as it stands, but am wondering if "face card" is universally (more or less) understood?  If not, we should put a link in to clarify.

Author: I've now put the corresponding cards in parentheses.
Also, added a standard 52-card wiki link at the beginning of the instructions.

Define the `value_of_card` function with a parameter `card`.
The value of _J_, _Q_ or _K_ is 10.

> Otherwise, return the pip value of a card.

Reviewer: Again -- here we use "pip value", but if there is a chance that will be misunderstood, we should put in a link.  I found this one:  https://ourpastimes.com/pip-playing-cards-4616754.html, but there might be better ones out there.

Author: Same as above -- added clarification in parentheses and a Wikipedia link (the same about the standard 52-card deck) in the opening note.

> Ace can take multiple values so let's ignore _A_ for the time being.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Ace can take on multiple values so let's ignore _A_ for the time being.
```

```python
>>> value_of_card('K')
10
>>> value_of_card('4')
4
```

> ## 2. Calculate the value of ace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Calculate the value of an ace
```

> As mentioned before, ace can be worth either 1 or 11 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned before, an ace can be worth _either_ 1 or 11 points.
```

> At the same time, players try to get as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the same time, players are trying to get as close to 21 as possible, without going _over_ 21.
```

> Define the `value_of_ace` function with a parameter `hand_value`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `value_of_ace(<hand_value>)` function with a parameter `hand_value`,
```

which is the total hand value before getting an ace card.

> You have to decide how to score the upcoming ace card so that your hand won't exceed 21 if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have to decide how to score the upcoming ace card so that the hand won't exceed 21 (_if possible_).
```

```python
>>> value_of_ace(19)
1
>>> value_of_ace(7)
11
```

## 3. Determine Blackjack

If the first two cards are an ace and a ten-card, giving a count of 21 in two cards, it is known as blackjack.

> Define the `is_blackjack` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `is_blackjack(<card_one>, <card_two>)` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.
```

> Determine if the hand is a blackjack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine if the two card hand is a blackjack.
```

Author: I'm going to use the "two-card hand" expression for the sake of consistency.
```suggestion
Determine if the two-card hand is a blackjack.
```

> **Note** : You can do this in many ways. If you can, use a way to check if there is an ace and a ten-card in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** : This calculation can be done in many ways.
 If possible, check if there is an ace and a ten-card in the list.
```

```python
>>> is_blackjack('A', 'K')
True
>>> is_blackjack('10', '9')
False
```

## 4. Splitting pairs

If the first two cards are of the same value,
such as two sixes, or a _Q_ and _K_ a player may choose to treat them as two separate hands.

> It is known as splitting pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is known as "splitting pairs".
```

> Define the `can_split_pairs` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `can_split_pairs(<card_one>, <card_two>)` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.
```

> Determine if the hand can be split into two pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine if this two-card hand can be split into two pairs.
```

```python
>>> can_split_pairs('Q', 'K')
True
>>> can_split_pairs('10', 'A')
False
```

## 5. Doubling down

When the original two cards dealt total 9, 10, or 11 points

> a player can place an additional bet equal to the original bet, known as doubling down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a player can place an additional bet equal to the original bet.
This is known as "doubling down".
```

> Define the `can_double_down` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define the `can_double_down(<card_one>, <card_two>)` function with parameters `card_one` and `card_two`, which are a pair of cards.
```

> Determine if the hand can be doubled down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine if the two-card hand can be "doubled down".
```
